[Music]
I'm sitting on a fly bridge but believe
it or not beneath my feet there lies a
tiara forty-four coupe what gives tiara
has created a fly bridge version called
the F 44 for 2017 and having this fly
bridge gives you a completely new social
area for the boat here's the other
significant difference between the coupe
version and the fly bridge version
normally there would be a helm station
here since it doesn't exist on this boat
I've got another place to kick back and
relax like all the boats in tiaras coupe
series this one has a very wide open
airy attitude look at how wide they made
the entrance to the master stateroom and
then on top of that you have a private
head over here and the day head on the
starboard side if you're a fan of the
tiara coupes you love that open-air lots
of light kind of feeling and you want to
banish the days of cave-like cabins to
the past
this isn't both that you'll be
interested in join us on boats calm and
read the full review
boat insurance at United marine
underwriters were simply the best at
what we do
just boat insurance we offer
comprehensive insurance coverage for all
your boating needs boat insurance quotes
on your screen in 90 seconds
United marine underwriters